Step 1: Environment Setup
1.	Install Dependencies: Open a terminal and execute the following commands to install the required Python packages:
    pip install langchain-openai langchain-community streamlit pandas transformers openai
2.	Set OpenAI API Key:
    •	Create a .env file in project directory.
    •	Add your OpenAI API key to the file:
      OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
3.	Prepare the Application:
    •	Save the application's Python script as app.py in your project directory.

Step 2: Running the Application:
1.	Navigate to the project directory in your terminal.
2.	Start the Streamlit application:
    streamlit run app.py
3.	Wait for Streamlit to launch the app in your default web browser. If it doesn't open automatically, copy and paste the URL provided in the terminal (e.g., http://localhost:8501) into your browser.

Detailed Functionality
The interface consists of three main functionalities:
1.	Create Promotional Content Based on Previous Content
  •	File Upload:
    	Upload a CSV or Excel file containing your social media data.
    	Ensure your file includes relevant columns like Likes/Favorites, Views, or Text Content.
  •	Select Analysis Type:
    	Engagement Analysis:
      o	Choose the columns for likes and views.
      o	Perform engagement analysis to calculate engagement scores.
    	Sentiment Analysis:
      o	Select the text content column.
      o	Perform sentiment analysis to calculate sentiment scores.
  •	Generate Content:
    	Choose the type of content to generate:
      o	Instagram posts.
      o	Tweets.
      o	Hashtags.
      o	Images.
    	Click the Generate Content button to create new posts or visuals based on the analysis.

2.	Analyze Previous Content
  •	File Upload:
    	Upload a CSV or Excel file containing your social media data.
  •	Select Analysis Type:
    	Engagement or sentiment analysis.
  •	View Results:
    	The app displays the top and bottom 5 posts based on the chosen metric.
  •	Enhance Low-Performing Posts:
    	Automatically rewrite posts with low engagement or sentiment scores to improve performance.

3.	Create Promotional Content Based on a New Idea
  •	Enter your idea in the text box.
    	Click Generate Content to produce:
    	Text-based content (captions, tweets, etc.).
  •	AI-generated images based on your theme.

